https://huggingface.co/runwayml/stable-diffusion-v1-5/resolve/main/v1-5-pruned-emaonly.ckpt
  out=Stable-diffusion/v1-5-pruned-emaonly.ckpt
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/sd-vae-ft-mse-original/resolve/main/vae-ft-mse-840000-ema-pruned.ckpt
  out=VAE/vae-ft-mse-840000-ema-pruned.ckpt
https://huggingface.co/runwayml/stable-diffusion-inpainting/resolve/main/sd-v1-5-inpainting.ckpt
  out=Stable-diffusion/sd-v1-5-inpainting.ckpt
https://github.com/TencentARC/GFPGAN/releases/download/v1.3.4/GFPGANv1.4.pth
  out=GFPGAN/GFPGANv1.4.pth
https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN/releases/download/v0.1.0/RealESRGAN_x4plus.pth
  out=RealESRGAN/RealESRGAN_x4plus.pth
https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN/releases/download/v0.2.2.4/RealESRGAN_x4plus_anime_6B.pth
  out=RealESRGAN/RealESRGAN_x4plus_anime_6B.pth
https://heibox.uni-heidelberg.de/f/31a76b13ea27482981b4/?dl=1
  out=LDSR/project.yaml
https://heibox.uni-heidelberg.de/f/578df07c8fc04ffbadf3/?dl=1
  out=LDSR/model.ckpt
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/sd-vae-ft-mse-original/resolve/main/vae-ft-mse-840000-ema-pruned.safetensors
  out=vae/vae-ft-mse-840000-ema-pruned.safetensors
https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN/releases/download/v0.1.0/RealESRGAN_x4plus.pth
  out=upscale_models/RealESRGAN_x4plus.pth
https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN/releases/download/v0.2.2.4/RealESRGAN_x4plus_anime_6B.pth
  out=upscale_models/RealESRGAN_x4plus_anime_6B.pth
https://huggingface.co/sberbank-ai/Real-ESRGAN/resolve/main/RealESRGAN_x2.pth
  out=upscale_models/RealESRGAN_x2.pth
https://huggingface.co/sberbank-ai/Real-ESRGAN/resolve/main/RealESRGAN_x4.pth
  out=upscale_models/RealESRGAN_x4.pth
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/t2iadapter_style-fp16.safetensors
  out=style_models/t2iadapter_style-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/datasets/gsdf/EasyNegative/resolve/main/EasyNegative.safetensors
  out=embeddings/EasyNegative.safetensors
https://civitai.com/api/download/models/5637
  out=embeddings/ng_deepnegative_v1_75t.pt
https://huggingface.co/openai/clip-vit-large-patch14/resolve/main/pytorch_model.bin
  out=models/clip_vision/clip_vit14.bin
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/control_canny-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/control_canny-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/control_depth-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/control_depth-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/control_hed-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/control_hed-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/control_mlsd-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/control_mlsd-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/control_normal-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/control_normal-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/control_openpose-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/control_openpose-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/control_scribble-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/control_scribble-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/control_seg-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/control_seg-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/kohya-ss/ControlNet-diff-modules/resolve/main/diff_control_sd15_canny_fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/diff_control_sd15_canny_fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/kohya-ss/ControlNet-diff-modules/resolve/main/diff_control_sd15_depth_fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/diff_control_sd15_depth_fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/kohya-ss/ControlNet-diff-modules/resolve/main/diff_control_sd15_hed_fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/diff_control_sd15_hed_fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/kohya-ss/ControlNet-diff-modules/resolve/main/diff_control_sd15_mlsd_fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/diff_control_sd15_mlsd_fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/kohya-ss/ControlNet-diff-modules/resolve/main/diff_control_sd15_normal_fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/diff_control_sd15_normal_fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/kohya-ss/ControlNet-diff-modules/resolve/main/diff_control_sd15_openpose_fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/diff_control_sd15_openpose_fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/kohya-ss/ControlNet-diff-modules/resolve/main/diff_control_sd15_scribble_fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/diff_control_sd15_scribble_fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/kohya-ss/ControlNet-diff-modules/resolve/main/diff_control_sd15_seg_fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/diff_control_sd15_seg_fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/t2iadapter_canny-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/t2iadapter_canny-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/t2iadapter_color-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/t2iadapter_color-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/t2iadapter_depth-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/t2iadapter_depth-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/t2iadapter_keypose-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/t2iadapter_keypose-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/t2iadapter_openpose-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/t2iadapter_openpose-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/t2iadapter_seg-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/t2iadapter_seg-fp16.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/webui/ControlNet-modules-safetensors/resolve/main/t2iadapter_sketch-fp16.safetensors
  out=controlnet/t2iadapter_sketch-fp16.safetensors
https://civitai.com/api/download/models/135931
  out=loras/pixel_xl_16.safetensors
https://civitai.com/api/download/models/128078
  out=checkpoints/SD_XL_1.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0/resolve/main/sd_xl_base_1.0.safetensors
  out=Stable-diffusion/D_BASE_XL_1.safetensors
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-refiner-1.0/resolve/main/sd_xl_refiner_1.0.safetensors
  out=Stable-diffusion/SD_BASE_REFINER_XL_1.safetensors
https://civitai.com/api/download/models/128078
  out=Stable-diffusion/SD_XL_1_ckpt.ckpt
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0/resolve/main/sd_xl_base_1.0.safetensors
  out=Stable-diffusion/SD_BASE_XL_1_ckpt.ckpt
https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-refiner-1.0/resolve/main/sd_xl_refiner_1.0.safetensors
  out=Stable-diffusion/SD_BASE_REFINER_XL_1_ckpt.ckpt
